Characteristics[CellType]	Characteristics[Organism]	Parameter Value[Compound]
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	acarbose
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	acarbose
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	acarbose
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	acarbose
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	acarbose
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	acarbose
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	acarbose
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	acarbose
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	acarbose
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	acarbose
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	acarbose
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	acarbose
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acarbose
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	acetamidofluorene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	acetamidofluorene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	acetamidofluorene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	acetamidofluorene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	acetamidofluorene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	acetamidofluorene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	acetamidofluorene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	acetamidofluorene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	acetamidofluorene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	acetamidofluorene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	acetamidofluorene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	acetamidofluorene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetamidofluorene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	acetaminophen
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	acetaminophen
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	acetaminophen
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	acetaminophen
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	acetaminophen
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	acetaminophen
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	acetaminophen
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	acetaminophen
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	acetaminophen
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	acetaminophen
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	acetaminophen
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	acetaminophen
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	acetaminophen
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	acetaminophen
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	acetaminophen
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	acetaminophen
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	acetaminophen
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	acetaminophen
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	acetaminophen
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	acetaminophen
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	acetaminophen
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	acetaminophen
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	acetaminophen
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	acetaminophen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetaminophen
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	acetazolamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	acetazolamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	acetazolamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	acetazolamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	acetazolamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	acetazolamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	acetazolamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	acetazolamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	acetazolamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	acetazolamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	acetazolamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	acetazolamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	acetazolamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	adapin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	adapin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	adapin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	adapin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	adapin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	adapin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	adapin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	adapin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	adapin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	adapin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	adapin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	adapin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	adapin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	adapin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	adapin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	adapin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	adapin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	adapin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	adapin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	adapin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	adapin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	adapin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	adapin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	adapin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	adapin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	adapin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	adapin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	adapin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	adapin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	adapin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	adapin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	adapin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	adapin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	adapin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	adapin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	adapin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	adapin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	adapin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	adapin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	adapin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	adapin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	adapin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	adapin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	adapin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	adapin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	adapin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	adapin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	adapin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	adapin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	adapin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	adapin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	adapin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	adapin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	adapin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	adapin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	adapin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	adapin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	adapin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	adapin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	adapin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	adapin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	adapin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	adapin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	adapin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	adapin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	adapin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	adapin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	adapin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	adapin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	adapin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	adapin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	adapin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	adapin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	adapin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	adapin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	adapin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	adapin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	adapin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	adapin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	adapin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	adapin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	adapin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	adapin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	adapin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ajmaline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ajmaline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ajmaline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ajmaline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ajmaline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ajmaline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ajmaline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ajmaline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ajmaline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ajmaline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ajmaline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ajmaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ajmaline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	allopurinol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	allopurinol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	allopurinol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	allopurinol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	allopurinol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	allopurinol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	allopurinol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	allopurinol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	allopurinol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	allopurinol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	allopurinol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	allopurinol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	allopurinol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	allopurinol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	allopurinol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	allopurinol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	allopurinol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	allopurinol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	allopurinol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	allopurinol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	allopurinol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	allopurinol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	allopurinol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	allopurinol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	allopurinol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	allyl alcohol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	allyl alcohol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	allyl alcohol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	allyl alcohol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	allyl alcohol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	allyl alcohol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	allyl alcohol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	allyl alcohol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	allyl alcohol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	allyl alcohol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	allyl alcohol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	allyl alcohol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	allyl alcohol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	allyl alcohol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	allyl alcohol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	allyl alcohol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	allyl alcohol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	allyl alcohol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	allyl alcohol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	allyl alcohol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	allyl alcohol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	allyl alcohol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	allyl alcohol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	allyl alcohol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	allyl alcohol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	amiodarone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	amiodarone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	amiodarone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	amiodarone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	amiodarone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	amiodarone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	amiodarone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	amiodarone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	amiodarone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	amiodarone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	amiodarone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	amiodarone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	amiodarone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	amiodarone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	amiodarone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	amiodarone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	amiodarone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	amiodarone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	amiodarone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	amiodarone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	amiodarone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	amiodarone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	amiodarone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	amiodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	amiodarone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	amitriptyline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	amitriptyline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	amitriptyline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	amitriptyline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	amitriptyline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	amitriptyline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	amitriptyline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	amitriptyline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	amitriptyline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	amitriptyline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	amitriptyline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	amitriptyline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	amitriptyline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	aspirin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	aspirin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	aspirin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	aspirin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	aspirin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	aspirin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	aspirin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	aspirin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	aspirin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	aspirin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	aspirin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	aspirin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	aspirin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	aspirin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	aspirin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	aspirin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	aspirin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	aspirin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	aspirin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	aspirin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	aspirin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	aspirin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	aspirin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	aspirin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	aspirin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	azathioprine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	azathioprine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	azathioprine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	azathioprine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	azathioprine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	azathioprine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	azathioprine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	azathioprine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	azathioprine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	azathioprine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	azathioprine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	azathioprine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	azathioprine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	azathioprine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	azathioprine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	azathioprine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	azathioprine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	azathioprine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	azathioprine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	azathioprine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	azathioprine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	azathioprine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	azathioprine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	azathioprine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	azathioprine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bendazac
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	benzbromarone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	benzbromarone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	benzbromarone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	benzbromarone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	benzbromarone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	benzbromarone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	benzbromarone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	benzbromarone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	benzbromarone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	benzbromarone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	benzbromarone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	benzbromarone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	benzbromarone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	benzbromarone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	benzbromarone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	benzbromarone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	benzbromarone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	benzbromarone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	benzbromarone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	benzbromarone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	benzbromarone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	benzbromarone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	benzbromarone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	benzbromarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	benzbromarone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	benziodarone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	benziodarone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	benziodarone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	benziodarone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	benziodarone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	benziodarone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	benziodarone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	benziodarone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	benziodarone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	benziodarone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	benziodarone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	benziodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	benziodarone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	bromobenzene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	bromobenzene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	bromobenzene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	bromobenzene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	bromobenzene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	bromobenzene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	bromobenzene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	bromobenzene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	bromobenzene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	bromobenzene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	bromobenzene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	bromobenzene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	bromobenzene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	bromobenzene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	bromobenzene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	bromobenzene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	bromobenzene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	bromobenzene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	bromobenzene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	bromobenzene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	bromobenzene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	bromobenzene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	bromobenzene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	bromobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bromobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bromoethylamine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	bucetin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	bucetin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	bucetin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	bucetin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	bucetin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	bucetin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	bucetin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	bucetin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	bucetin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	bucetin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	bucetin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	bucetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	bucetin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	caffeine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	caffeine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	caffeine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	caffeine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	caffeine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	caffeine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	caffeine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	caffeine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	caffeine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	caffeine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	caffeine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	caffeine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	caffeine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	captopril
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	captopril
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	captopril
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	captopril
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	captopril
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	captopril
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	captopril
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	captopril
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	captopril
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	captopril
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	captopril
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	captopril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	captopril
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	carbamazepine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	carbamazepine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	carbamazepine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	carbamazepine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	carbamazepine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	carbamazepine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	carbamazepine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	carbamazepine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	carbamazepine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	carbamazepine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	carbamazepine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	carbamazepine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	carbamazepine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	carbamazepine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	carbamazepine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	carbamazepine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	carbamazepine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	carbamazepine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	carbamazepine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	carbamazepine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	carbamazepine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	carbamazepine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	carbamazepine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	carbamazepine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carbamazepine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	carbon tetrachloride
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	carbon tetrachloride
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	carbon tetrachloride
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	carbon tetrachloride
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	carbon tetrachloride
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	carbon tetrachloride
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	carbon tetrachloride
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	carbon tetrachloride
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	carbon tetrachloride
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	carbon tetrachloride
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	carbon tetrachloride
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	carbon tetrachloride
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	carbon tetrachloride
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	carbon tetrachloride
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	carbon tetrachloride
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	carbon tetrachloride
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	carbon tetrachloride
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	carbon tetrachloride
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	carbon tetrachloride
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	carbon tetrachloride
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	carbon tetrachloride
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	carbon tetrachloride
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	carbon tetrachloride
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	carbon tetrachloride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carbon tetrachloride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	carboplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cephalothin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chloramphenicol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chloramphenicol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chloramphenicol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chloramphenicol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chloramphenicol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chloramphenicol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chloramphenicol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chloramphenicol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chloramphenicol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chloramphenicol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chloramphenicol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chloramphenicol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chloramphenicol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlormadinone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlormadinone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlormadinone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlormadinone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlormadinone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlormadinone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlormadinone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlormadinone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlormadinone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlormadinone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlormadinone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlormadinone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlormadinone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlormezanone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlormezanone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlormezanone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlormezanone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlormezanone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlormezanone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlormezanone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlormezanone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlormezanone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlormezanone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlormezanone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlormezanone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlormezanone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlorpheniramine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlorpheniramine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlorpheniramine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlorpheniramine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlorpheniramine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlorpheniramine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlorpheniramine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlorpheniramine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlorpheniramine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlorpheniramine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlorpheniramine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlorpheniramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpheniramine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlorpromazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlorpromazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlorpromazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlorpromazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlorpromazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlorpromazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlorpromazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlorpromazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlorpromazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlorpromazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlorpromazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlorpromazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlorpromazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlorpromazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlorpromazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlorpromazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlorpromazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlorpromazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlorpromazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlorpromazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlorpromazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlorpromazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlorpromazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlorpromazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpromazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpromazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpromazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpromazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpromazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpromazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpromazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpromazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpromazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpromazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpromazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpromazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpromazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpromazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpromazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpromazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpromazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpromazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpromazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpromazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpromazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpromazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpromazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpromazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpromazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpromazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpromazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpromazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpromazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpromazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpromazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpromazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpromazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpromazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpromazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpromazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpromazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpromazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpromazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpromazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpromazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpromazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpromazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpromazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpromazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpromazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpromazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpromazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpromazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpromazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpromazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpromazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpromazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpromazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpromazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpromazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpromazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpromazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpromazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpromazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlorpropamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlorpropamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlorpropamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlorpropamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlorpropamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlorpropamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlorpropamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlorpropamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlorpropamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlorpropamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlorpropamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	chlorpropamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	chlorpropamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	cimetidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	cimetidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	cimetidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	cimetidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	cimetidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	cimetidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	cimetidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	cimetidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	cimetidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	cimetidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	cimetidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	cimetidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	cimetidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	cimetidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	cimetidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	cimetidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	cimetidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	cimetidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	cimetidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	cimetidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	cimetidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	cimetidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	cimetidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	cimetidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cimetidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ciprofloxacin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ciprofloxacin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ciprofloxacin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ciprofloxacin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ciprofloxacin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ciprofloxacin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ciprofloxacin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ciprofloxacin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ciprofloxacin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ciprofloxacin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ciprofloxacin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ciprofloxacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ciprofloxacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cisplatin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	clofibrate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	clofibrate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	clofibrate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	clofibrate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	clofibrate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	clofibrate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	clofibrate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	clofibrate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	clofibrate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	clofibrate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	clofibrate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	clofibrate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	clofibrate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	clofibrate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	clofibrate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	clofibrate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	clofibrate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	clofibrate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	clofibrate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	clofibrate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	clofibrate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	clofibrate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	clofibrate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	clofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	clofibrate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	clomipramine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	clomipramine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	clomipramine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	clomipramine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	clomipramine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	clomipramine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	clomipramine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	clomipramine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	clomipramine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	clomipramine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	clomipramine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	clomipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	clomipramine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	colchicine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	colchicine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	colchicine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	colchicine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	colchicine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	colchicine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	colchicine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	colchicine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	colchicine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	colchicine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	colchicine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	colchicine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	colchicine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	coumarin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	coumarin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	coumarin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	coumarin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	coumarin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	coumarin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	coumarin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	coumarin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	coumarin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	coumarin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	coumarin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	coumarin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	coumarin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	coumarin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	coumarin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	coumarin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	coumarin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	coumarin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	coumarin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	coumarin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	coumarin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	coumarin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	coumarin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	coumarin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	coumarin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	cyclophosphamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	cyclophosphamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	cyclophosphamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	cyclophosphamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	cyclophosphamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	cyclophosphamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	cyclophosphamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	cyclophosphamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	cyclophosphamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	cyclophosphamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	cyclophosphamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	cyclophosphamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	cyclophosphamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	cyclophosphamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	cyclophosphamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	cyclophosphamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	cyclophosphamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	cyclophosphamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	cyclophosphamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	cyclophosphamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	cyclophosphamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	cyclophosphamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	cyclophosphamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	cyclophosphamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cyclophosphamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	cyclosporine A
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	danazol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	danazol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	danazol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	danazol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	danazol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	danazol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	danazol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	danazol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	danazol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	danazol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	danazol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	danazol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	danazol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	dantrolene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	dantrolene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	dantrolene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	dantrolene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	dantrolene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	dantrolene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	dantrolene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	dantrolene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	dantrolene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	dantrolene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	dantrolene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	dantrolene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	dantrolene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	diazepam
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	diazepam
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	diazepam
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	diazepam
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	diazepam
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	diazepam
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	diazepam
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	diazepam
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	diazepam
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	diazepam
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	diazepam
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	diazepam
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	diazepam
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	diazepam
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	diazepam
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	diazepam
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	diazepam
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	diazepam
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	diazepam
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	diazepam
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	diazepam
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	diazepam
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	diazepam
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	diazepam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diazepam
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	diclofenac
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	diclofenac
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	diclofenac
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	diclofenac
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	diclofenac
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	diclofenac
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	diclofenac
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	diclofenac
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	diclofenac
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	diclofenac
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	diclofenac
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	diclofenac
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	diclofenac
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	diclofenac
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	diclofenac
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	diclofenac
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	diclofenac
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	diclofenac
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	diclofenac
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	diclofenac
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	diclofenac
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	diclofenac
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	diclofenac
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	diclofenac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diclofenac
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	diltiazem
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	diltiazem
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	diltiazem
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	diltiazem
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	diltiazem
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	diltiazem
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	diltiazem
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	diltiazem
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	diltiazem
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	diltiazem
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	diltiazem
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	diltiazem
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
liver	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	diltiazem
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	disopyramide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	disopyramide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	disopyramide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	disopyramide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	disopyramide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	disopyramide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	disopyramide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	disopyramide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	disopyramide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	disopyramide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	disopyramide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	disopyramide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	disopyramide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	disulfiram
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	disulfiram
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	disulfiram
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	disulfiram
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	disulfiram
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	disulfiram
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	disulfiram
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	disulfiram
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	disulfiram
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	disulfiram
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	disulfiram
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	disulfiram
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
liver	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	disulfiram
liver	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	doxorubicin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	enalapril
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	enalapril
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	enalapril
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	enalapril
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	enalapril
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	enalapril
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	enalapril
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	enalapril
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	enalapril
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	enalapril
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	enalapril
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	enalapril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
liver	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	enalapril
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	erythromycin ethylsuccinate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethambutol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethambutol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethambutol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethambutol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethambutol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethambutol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethambutol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethambutol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethambutol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethambutol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethambutol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethambutol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethambutol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethanol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethanol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethanol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethanol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethanol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethanol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethanol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethanol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethanol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethanol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethanol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethanol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethanol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethinylestradiol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethinylestradiol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethinylestradiol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethinylestradiol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethinylestradiol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethinylestradiol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethinylestradiol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethinylestradiol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethinylestradiol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethinylestradiol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethinylestradiol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethinylestradiol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethinylestradiol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethionamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethionamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethionamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethionamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethionamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethionamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethionamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethionamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethionamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethionamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethionamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethionamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethionamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethionine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethionine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethionine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethionine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethionine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethionine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethionine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethionine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethionine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethionine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethionine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethionine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethionine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethionine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethionine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethionine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethionine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethionine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethionine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethionine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethionine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethionine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethionine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ethionine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ethionine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	etoposide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	etoposide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	etoposide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	etoposide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	etoposide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	etoposide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	etoposide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	etoposide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	etoposide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	etoposide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	etoposide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	etoposide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	etoposide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	famotidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	famotidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	famotidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	famotidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	famotidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	famotidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	famotidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	famotidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	famotidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	famotidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	famotidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	famotidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	famotidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	fenofibrate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	fenofibrate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	fenofibrate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	fenofibrate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	fenofibrate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	fenofibrate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	fenofibrate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	fenofibrate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	fenofibrate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	fenofibrate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	fenofibrate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	fenofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	fenofibrate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	fluphenazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	fluphenazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	fluphenazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	fluphenazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	fluphenazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	fluphenazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	fluphenazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	fluphenazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	fluphenazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	fluphenazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	fluphenazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	fluphenazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	fluphenazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	fluphenazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	fluphenazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	fluphenazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	fluphenazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	fluphenazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	fluphenazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	fluphenazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	fluphenazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	fluphenazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	fluphenazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	fluphenazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	fluphenazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	flutamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	flutamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	flutamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	flutamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	flutamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	flutamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	flutamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	flutamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	flutamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	flutamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	flutamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	flutamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	flutamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	flutamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	flutamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	flutamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	flutamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	flutamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	flutamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	flutamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	flutamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	flutamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	flutamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	flutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	flutamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	furosemide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	furosemide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	furosemide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	furosemide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	furosemide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	furosemide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	furosemide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	furosemide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	furosemide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	furosemide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	furosemide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	furosemide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	furosemide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	gemfibrozil
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	gemfibrozil
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	gemfibrozil
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	gemfibrozil
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	gemfibrozil
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	gemfibrozil
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	gemfibrozil
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	gemfibrozil
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	gemfibrozil
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	gemfibrozil
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	gemfibrozil
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	gemfibrozil
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	gemfibrozil
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	gemfibrozil
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	gemfibrozil
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	gemfibrozil
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	gemfibrozil
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	gemfibrozil
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	gemfibrozil
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	gemfibrozil
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	gemfibrozil
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	gemfibrozil
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	gemfibrozil
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	gemfibrozil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	gemfibrozil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	gentamicin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	glibenclamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	glibenclamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	glibenclamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	glibenclamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	glibenclamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	glibenclamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	glibenclamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	glibenclamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	glibenclamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	glibenclamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	glibenclamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	glibenclamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	glibenclamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	glibenclamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	glibenclamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	glibenclamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	glibenclamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	glibenclamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	glibenclamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	glibenclamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	glibenclamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	glibenclamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	glibenclamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	glibenclamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	glibenclamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	griseofulvin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	griseofulvin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	griseofulvin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	griseofulvin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	griseofulvin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	griseofulvin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	griseofulvin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	griseofulvin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	griseofulvin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	griseofulvin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	griseofulvin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	griseofulvin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	griseofulvin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	griseofulvin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	griseofulvin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	griseofulvin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	griseofulvin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	griseofulvin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	griseofulvin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	griseofulvin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	griseofulvin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	griseofulvin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	griseofulvin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	griseofulvin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	griseofulvin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	haloperidol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	haloperidol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	haloperidol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	haloperidol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	haloperidol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	haloperidol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	haloperidol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	haloperidol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	haloperidol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	haloperidol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	haloperidol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	haloperidol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	haloperidol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	haloperidol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	haloperidol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	haloperidol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	haloperidol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	haloperidol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	haloperidol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	haloperidol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	haloperidol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	haloperidol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	haloperidol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	haloperidol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	haloperidol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	hexachlorobenzene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	hexachlorobenzene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	hexachlorobenzene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	hexachlorobenzene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	hexachlorobenzene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	hexachlorobenzene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	hexachlorobenzene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	hexachlorobenzene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	hexachlorobenzene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	hexachlorobenzene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	hexachlorobenzene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	hexachlorobenzene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	hexachlorobenzene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	hexachlorobenzene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	hexachlorobenzene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	hexachlorobenzene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	hexachlorobenzene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	hexachlorobenzene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	hexachlorobenzene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	hexachlorobenzene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	hexachlorobenzene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	hexachlorobenzene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	hexachlorobenzene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	hexachlorobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	hexachlorobenzene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	hydroxyzine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	hydroxyzine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	hydroxyzine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	hydroxyzine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	hydroxyzine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	hydroxyzine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	hydroxyzine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	hydroxyzine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	hydroxyzine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	hydroxyzine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	hydroxyzine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	hydroxyzine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	hydroxyzine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ibuprofen
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ibuprofen
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ibuprofen
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ibuprofen
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ibuprofen
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ibuprofen
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ibuprofen
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ibuprofen
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ibuprofen
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ibuprofen
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ibuprofen
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ibuprofen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ibuprofen
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	imipramine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	imipramine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	imipramine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	imipramine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	imipramine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	imipramine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	imipramine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	imipramine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	imipramine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	imipramine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	imipramine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	imipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	imipramine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	indomethacin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	indomethacin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	indomethacin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	indomethacin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	indomethacin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	indomethacin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	indomethacin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	indomethacin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	indomethacin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	indomethacin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	indomethacin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	indomethacin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	indomethacin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	indomethacin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	indomethacin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	indomethacin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	indomethacin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	indomethacin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	indomethacin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	indomethacin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	indomethacin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	indomethacin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	indomethacin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	indomethacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	indomethacin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	iproniazid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	iproniazid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	iproniazid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	iproniazid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	iproniazid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	iproniazid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	iproniazid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	iproniazid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	iproniazid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	iproniazid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	iproniazid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	iproniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	iproniazid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	isoniazid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	isoniazid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	isoniazid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	isoniazid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	isoniazid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	isoniazid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	isoniazid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	isoniazid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	isoniazid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	isoniazid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	isoniazid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	isoniazid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	isoniazid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	isoniazid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	isoniazid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	isoniazid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	isoniazid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	isoniazid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	isoniazid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	isoniazid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	isoniazid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	isoniazid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	isoniazid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	isoniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	isoniazid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ketoconazole
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ketoconazole
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ketoconazole
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ketoconazole
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ketoconazole
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ketoconazole
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ketoconazole
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ketoconazole
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ketoconazole
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ketoconazole
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ketoconazole
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ketoconazole
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ketoconazole
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ketoconazole
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ketoconazole
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ketoconazole
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ketoconazole
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ketoconazole
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ketoconazole
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ketoconazole
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ketoconazole
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ketoconazole
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ketoconazole
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ketoconazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ketoconazole
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	labetalol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	labetalol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	labetalol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	labetalol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	labetalol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	labetalol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	labetalol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	labetalol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	labetalol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	labetalol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	labetalol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	labetalol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	labetalol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	labetalol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	labetalol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	labetalol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	labetalol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	labetalol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	labetalol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	labetalol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	labetalol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	labetalol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	labetalol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	labetalol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
liver	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	labetalol
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	lomustine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	lomustine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	lomustine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	lomustine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	lomustine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	lomustine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	lomustine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	lomustine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	lomustine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	lomustine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	lomustine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	lomustine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	lomustine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	lomustine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	lomustine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	lomustine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	lomustine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	lomustine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	lomustine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	lomustine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	lomustine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	lomustine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	lomustine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	lomustine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	lomustine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	lornoxicam
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	lornoxicam
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	lornoxicam
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	lornoxicam
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	lornoxicam
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	lornoxicam
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	lornoxicam
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	lornoxicam
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	lornoxicam
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	lornoxicam
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	lornoxicam
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	lornoxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	lornoxicam
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	mefenamic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	mefenamic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	mefenamic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	mefenamic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	mefenamic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	mefenamic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	mefenamic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	mefenamic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	mefenamic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	mefenamic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	mefenamic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	mefenamic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	mefenamic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	meloxicam
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	meloxicam
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	meloxicam
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	meloxicam
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	meloxicam
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	meloxicam
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	meloxicam
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	meloxicam
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	meloxicam
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	meloxicam
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	meloxicam
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	meloxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	meloxicam
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	metformin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	metformin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	metformin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	metformin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	metformin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	metformin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	metformin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	metformin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	metformin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	metformin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	metformin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	metformin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	metformin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methapyrilene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methapyrilene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methapyrilene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methapyrilene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methapyrilene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methapyrilene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methapyrilene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methapyrilene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methapyrilene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methapyrilene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methapyrilene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methapyrilene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methapyrilene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methapyrilene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methapyrilene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methapyrilene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methapyrilene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methapyrilene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methapyrilene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methapyrilene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methapyrilene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methapyrilene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methapyrilene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methapyrilene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methapyrilene
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methimazole
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methimazole
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methimazole
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methimazole
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methimazole
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methimazole
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methimazole
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methimazole
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methimazole
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methimazole
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methimazole
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methimazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methimazole
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methyldopa
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methyldopa
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methyldopa
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methyldopa
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methyldopa
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methyldopa
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methyldopa
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methyldopa
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methyldopa
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methyldopa
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methyldopa
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methyldopa
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methyldopa
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methyltestosterone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methyltestosterone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methyltestosterone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methyltestosterone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methyltestosterone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methyltestosterone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methyltestosterone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methyltestosterone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methyltestosterone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methyltestosterone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methyltestosterone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methyltestosterone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methyltestosterone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methyltestosterone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methyltestosterone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methyltestosterone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methyltestosterone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methyltestosterone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methyltestosterone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methyltestosterone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methyltestosterone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methyltestosterone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methyltestosterone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	methyltestosterone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	methyltestosterone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	mexiletine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	mexiletine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	mexiletine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	mexiletine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	mexiletine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	mexiletine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	mexiletine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	mexiletine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	mexiletine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	mexiletine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	mexiletine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	mexiletine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	mexiletine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	monocrotaline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	monocrotaline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	monocrotaline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	monocrotaline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	monocrotaline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	monocrotaline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	monocrotaline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	monocrotaline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	monocrotaline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	monocrotaline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	monocrotaline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	monocrotaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	monocrotaline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	moxisylyte
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	moxisylyte
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	moxisylyte
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	moxisylyte
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	moxisylyte
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	moxisylyte
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	moxisylyte
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	moxisylyte
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	moxisylyte
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	moxisylyte
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	moxisylyte
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	moxisylyte
liver	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
liver	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
liver	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
liver	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
liver	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
liver	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
liver	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
liver	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
liver	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
liver	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
liver	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
liver	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
liver	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
liver	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
liver	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
liver	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
liver	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
liver	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
liver	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
liver	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
liver	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
liver	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
liver	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
liver	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
liver	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
liver	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
liver	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
liver	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
liver	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
liver	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
liver	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
liver	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
liver	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
liver	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
liver	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
liver	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
liver	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
liver	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
liver	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
liver	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
liver	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
liver	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
liver	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
liver	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
liver	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
liver	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
liver	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
liver	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	moxisylyte
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	naphthyl isothiocyanate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	naphthyl isothiocyanate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	naphthyl isothiocyanate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	naphthyl isothiocyanate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	naphthyl isothiocyanate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	naphthyl isothiocyanate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	naphthyl isothiocyanate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	naphthyl isothiocyanate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	naphthyl isothiocyanate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	naphthyl isothiocyanate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	naphthyl isothiocyanate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	naphthyl isothiocyanate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	naphthyl isothiocyanate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	naphthyl isothiocyanate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	naphthyl isothiocyanate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	naphthyl isothiocyanate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	naphthyl isothiocyanate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	naphthyl isothiocyanate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	naphthyl isothiocyanate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	naphthyl isothiocyanate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	naphthyl isothiocyanate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	naphthyl isothiocyanate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	naphthyl isothiocyanate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	naphthyl isothiocyanate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	naphthyl isothiocyanate
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	naproxen
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	naproxen
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	naproxen
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	naproxen
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	naproxen
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	naproxen
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	naproxen
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	naproxen
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	naproxen
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	naproxen
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	naproxen
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	naproxen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	naproxen
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nicotinic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nicotinic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nicotinic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nicotinic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nicotinic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nicotinic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nicotinic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nicotinic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nicotinic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nicotinic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nicotinic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nicotinic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nicotinic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nifedipine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nifedipine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nifedipine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nifedipine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nifedipine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nifedipine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nifedipine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nifedipine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nifedipine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nifedipine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nifedipine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nifedipine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nifedipine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nimesulide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nimesulide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nimesulide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nimesulide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nimesulide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nimesulide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nimesulide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nimesulide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nimesulide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nimesulide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nimesulide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nimesulide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nimesulide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nitrofurantoin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nitrofurantoin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nitrofurantoin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nitrofurantoin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nitrofurantoin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nitrofurantoin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nitrofurantoin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nitrofurantoin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nitrofurantoin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nitrofurantoin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nitrofurantoin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nitrofurantoin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nitrofurantoin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nitrofurantoin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nitrofurantoin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nitrofurantoin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nitrofurantoin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nitrofurantoin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nitrofurantoin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nitrofurantoin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nitrofurantoin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nitrofurantoin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nitrofurantoin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nitrofurantoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurantoin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nitrofurazone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nitrofurazone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nitrofurazone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nitrofurazone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nitrofurazone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nitrofurazone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nitrofurazone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nitrofurazone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nitrofurazone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nitrofurazone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nitrofurazone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nitrofurazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrofurazone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nitrosodiethylamine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nitrosodiethylamine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nitrosodiethylamine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nitrosodiethylamine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nitrosodiethylamine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nitrosodiethylamine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nitrosodiethylamine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nitrosodiethylamine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nitrosodiethylamine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nitrosodiethylamine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nitrosodiethylamine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	nitrosodiethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	nitrosodiethylamine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	omeprazole
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	omeprazole
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	omeprazole
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	omeprazole
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	omeprazole
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	omeprazole
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	omeprazole
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	omeprazole
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	omeprazole
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	omeprazole
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	omeprazole
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	omeprazole
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	omeprazole
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	omeprazole
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	omeprazole
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	omeprazole
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	omeprazole
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	omeprazole
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	omeprazole
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	omeprazole
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	omeprazole
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	omeprazole
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	omeprazole
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	omeprazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
liver	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	omeprazole
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	papaverine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	papaverine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	papaverine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	papaverine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	papaverine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	papaverine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	papaverine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	papaverine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	papaverine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	papaverine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	papaverine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	papaverine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	papaverine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	pemoline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	pemoline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	pemoline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	pemoline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	pemoline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	pemoline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	pemoline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	pemoline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	pemoline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	pemoline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	pemoline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	pemoline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	pemoline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	penicillamine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	penicillamine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	penicillamine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	penicillamine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	penicillamine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	penicillamine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	penicillamine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	penicillamine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	penicillamine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	penicillamine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	penicillamine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	penicillamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	penicillamine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	perhexiline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	perhexiline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	perhexiline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	perhexiline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	perhexiline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	perhexiline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	perhexiline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	perhexiline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	perhexiline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	perhexiline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	perhexiline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	perhexiline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	perhexiline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	perhexiline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	perhexiline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	perhexiline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	perhexiline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	perhexiline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	perhexiline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	perhexiline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	perhexiline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	perhexiline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	perhexiline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	perhexiline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	perhexiline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenacetin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenacetin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenacetin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenacetin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenacetin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenacetin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenacetin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenacetin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenacetin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenacetin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenacetin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenacetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenacetin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenobarbital
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenobarbital
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenobarbital
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenobarbital
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenobarbital
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenobarbital
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenobarbital
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenobarbital
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenobarbital
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenobarbital
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenobarbital
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenobarbital
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenobarbital
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenobarbital
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenobarbital
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenobarbital
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenobarbital
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenobarbital
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenobarbital
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenobarbital
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenobarbital
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenobarbital
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenobarbital
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenobarbital
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenobarbital
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenylanthranilic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenylanthranilic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenylanthranilic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenylanthranilic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenylanthranilic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenylanthranilic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenylanthranilic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenylanthranilic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenylanthranilic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenylanthranilic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenylanthranilic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenylanthranilic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenylanthranilic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenylbutazone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenylbutazone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenylbutazone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenylbutazone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenylbutazone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenylbutazone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenylbutazone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenylbutazone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenylbutazone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenylbutazone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenylbutazone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenylbutazone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenylbutazone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenylbutazone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenylbutazone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenylbutazone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenylbutazone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenylbutazone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenylbutazone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenylbutazone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenylbutazone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenylbutazone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenylbutazone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenylbutazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenylbutazone
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenytoin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenytoin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenytoin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenytoin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenytoin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenytoin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenytoin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenytoin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenytoin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenytoin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenytoin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenytoin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenytoin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenytoin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenytoin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenytoin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenytoin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenytoin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenytoin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenytoin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenytoin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenytoin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenytoin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	phenytoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	phenytoin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	promethazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	promethazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	promethazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	promethazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	promethazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	promethazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	promethazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	promethazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	promethazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	promethazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	promethazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	promethazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	promethazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	propylthiouracil
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	propylthiouracil
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	propylthiouracil
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	propylthiouracil
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	propylthiouracil
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	propylthiouracil
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	propylthiouracil
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	propylthiouracil
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	propylthiouracil
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	propylthiouracil
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	propylthiouracil
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	propylthiouracil
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	propylthiouracil
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	propylthiouracil
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	propylthiouracil
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	propylthiouracil
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	propylthiouracil
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	propylthiouracil
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	propylthiouracil
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	propylthiouracil
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	propylthiouracil
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	propylthiouracil
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	propylthiouracil
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	propylthiouracil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	propylthiouracil
liver	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
liver	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
liver	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
liver	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
liver	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
liver	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
liver	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
liver	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
liver	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
liver	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
liver	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
liver	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
liver	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
liver	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
liver	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
liver	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
liver	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
liver	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
liver	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
liver	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
liver	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
liver	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
liver	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
liver	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
liver	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
liver	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
liver	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
liver	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
liver	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
liver	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
liver	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
liver	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
liver	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
liver	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
liver	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
liver	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
liver	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
liver	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
liver	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
liver	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
liver	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
liver	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
liver	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
liver	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
liver	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
liver	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
liver	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
liver	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	puromycin aminonucleoside
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	quinidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	quinidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	quinidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	quinidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	quinidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	quinidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	quinidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	quinidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	quinidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	quinidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	quinidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	quinidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	quinidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ranitidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ranitidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ranitidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ranitidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ranitidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ranitidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ranitidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ranitidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ranitidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ranitidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ranitidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ranitidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ranitidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	rifampicin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	rifampicin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	rifampicin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	rifampicin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	rifampicin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	rifampicin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	rifampicin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	rifampicin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	rifampicin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	rifampicin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	rifampicin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	rifampicin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	rifampicin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	rifampicin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	rifampicin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	rifampicin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	rifampicin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	rifampicin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	rifampicin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	rifampicin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	rifampicin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	rifampicin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	rifampicin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	rifampicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	rifampicin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	simvastatin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	simvastatin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	simvastatin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	simvastatin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	simvastatin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	simvastatin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	simvastatin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	simvastatin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	simvastatin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	simvastatin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	simvastatin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	simvastatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	simvastatin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	sulfasalazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	sulfasalazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	sulfasalazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	sulfasalazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	sulfasalazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	sulfasalazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	sulfasalazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	sulfasalazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	sulfasalazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	sulfasalazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	sulfasalazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	sulfasalazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	sulfasalazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	sulfasalazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	sulfasalazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	sulfasalazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	sulfasalazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	sulfasalazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	sulfasalazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	sulfasalazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	sulfasalazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	sulfasalazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	sulfasalazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	sulfasalazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulfasalazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	sulindac
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	sulindac
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	sulindac
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	sulindac
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	sulindac
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	sulindac
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	sulindac
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	sulindac
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	sulindac
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	sulindac
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	sulindac
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	sulindac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulindac
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	sulpiride
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	sulpiride
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	sulpiride
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	sulpiride
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	sulpiride
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	sulpiride
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	sulpiride
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	sulpiride
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	sulpiride
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	sulpiride
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	sulpiride
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	sulpiride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
liver	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	sulpiride
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tacrine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tacrine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tacrine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tacrine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tacrine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tacrine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tacrine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tacrine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tacrine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tacrine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tacrine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tacrine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tacrine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tamoxifen
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tamoxifen
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tamoxifen
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tamoxifen
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tamoxifen
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tamoxifen
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tamoxifen
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tamoxifen
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tamoxifen
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tamoxifen
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tamoxifen
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tamoxifen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tamoxifen
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tannic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tannic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tannic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tannic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tannic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tannic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tannic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tannic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tannic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tannic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tannic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tannic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tannic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	terbinafine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	terbinafine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	terbinafine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	terbinafine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	terbinafine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	terbinafine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	terbinafine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	terbinafine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	terbinafine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	terbinafine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	terbinafine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	terbinafine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	terbinafine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tetracycline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tetracycline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tetracycline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tetracycline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tetracycline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tetracycline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tetracycline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tetracycline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tetracycline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tetracycline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tetracycline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tetracycline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tetracycline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tetracycline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tetracycline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tetracycline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tetracycline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tetracycline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tetracycline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tetracycline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tetracycline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tetracycline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tetracycline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tetracycline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tetracycline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	theophylline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	theophylline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	theophylline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	theophylline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	theophylline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	theophylline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	theophylline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	theophylline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	theophylline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	theophylline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	theophylline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	theophylline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
liver	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	theophylline
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	thioacetamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	thioacetamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	thioacetamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	thioacetamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	thioacetamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	thioacetamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	thioacetamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	thioacetamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	thioacetamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	thioacetamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	thioacetamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	thioacetamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	thioacetamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	thioacetamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	thioacetamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	thioacetamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	thioacetamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	thioacetamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	thioacetamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	thioacetamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	thioacetamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	thioacetamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	thioacetamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	thioacetamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	thioacetamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	thioridazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	thioridazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	thioridazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	thioridazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	thioridazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	thioridazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	thioridazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	thioridazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	thioridazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	thioridazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	thioridazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	thioridazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	thioridazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	thioridazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	thioridazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	thioridazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	thioridazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	thioridazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	thioridazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	thioridazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	thioridazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	thioridazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	thioridazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	thioridazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	thioridazine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ticlopidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ticlopidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ticlopidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ticlopidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ticlopidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ticlopidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ticlopidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ticlopidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ticlopidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ticlopidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ticlopidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	ticlopidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
liver	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	ticlopidine
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tiopronin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tiopronin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tiopronin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tiopronin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tiopronin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tiopronin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tiopronin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tiopronin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tiopronin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tiopronin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tiopronin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tiopronin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tiopronin
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tolbutamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tolbutamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tolbutamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tolbutamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tolbutamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tolbutamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tolbutamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tolbutamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tolbutamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tolbutamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tolbutamide
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	tolbutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	tolbutamide
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	triamterene
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	triazolam
liver	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
liver	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
liver	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
liver	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
liver	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
liver	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
liver	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
liver	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
liver	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
liver	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
liver	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
liver	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
liver	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
liver	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
liver	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
liver	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
liver	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
liver	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
liver	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
liver	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
liver	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
liver	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
liver	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
liver	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
liver	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
liver	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
liver	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
liver	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
liver	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
liver	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
liver	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
liver	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
liver	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
liver	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
liver	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
liver	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
liver	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
liver	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
liver	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
liver	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
liver	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
liver	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
liver	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
liver	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
liver	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
liver	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
liver	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
liver	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	trimethadione
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	valproic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	valproic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	valproic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	valproic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	valproic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	valproic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	valproic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	valproic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	valproic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	valproic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	valproic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	valproic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	valproic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	valproic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	valproic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	valproic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	valproic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	valproic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	valproic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	valproic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	valproic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	valproic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	valproic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	valproic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
liver	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
kidney	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	valproic acid
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	vitamin A
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	vitamin A
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	vitamin A
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	vitamin A
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	vitamin A
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	vitamin A
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	vitamin A
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	vitamin A
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	vitamin A
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	vitamin A
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	vitamin A
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	vitamin A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
liver	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	vitamin A
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	WY-14643
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	WY-14643
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	WY-14643
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	WY-14643
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	WY-14643
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	WY-14643
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	WY-14643
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	WY-14643
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	WY-14643
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	WY-14643
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	WY-14643
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	WY-14643
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	WY-14643
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	WY-14643
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	WY-14643
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	WY-14643
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	WY-14643
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	WY-14643
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	WY-14643
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	WY-14643
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	WY-14643
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	WY-14643
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	WY-14643
hepatocyte	Homo sapiens	WY-14643
liver	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
liver	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
liver	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
liver	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
liver	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
liver	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
liver	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
liver	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
liver	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
liver	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
liver	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
liver	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
liver	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
liver	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
liver	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
liver	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
liver	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
liver	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
liver	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
liver	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
liver	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
liver	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
liver	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
liver	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
liver	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
liver	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
liver	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
liver	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
liver	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
liver	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
liver	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
liver	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
liver	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
liver	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
liver	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
liver	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
liver	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
liver	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
liver	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
liver	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
liver	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
liver	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
liver	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
liver	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
liver	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
liver	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
liver	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
liver	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
hepatocyte	Rattus norvegicus	WY-14643
